hi I'm Gilbert from Niehaus cycle sales
in Litchfield Illinois and I'm here to
talk about the all new Viper Trek
conversion by California side car
specifically for the 2012 Gold Wing as
you can tell it's got all new body lines
it's got a very large trunk door very
nice fit light-filled a larger opening
to get your items in and out very easily
it features 8 cubic foot of storage
space some of its up in the sides a
little bit space here you can you have a
net here with this interior carpet kit
that you can snap and prevent any items
from coming on down it's got it also on
this package features an interior dome
light real nice at night time I want to
show you the new lighting the tail
lights are made specifically for this
body it's not a light that's taken out
of the gold wing features LED lights and
also a nice trim piece here in the trunk
as well
CFCs dragline is manufactured
specifically for use on their trucks and
it features a direct inline drive shaft
inline both vertically and horizontally
you see the two tone paint feature on
here and that's standard equipment not
an option the four piston disc brakes
integrate two Honda's length braking
system and if you choose an anti-lock
brake model this is integrated with a
minimal cost CSC has several options
available to the Viper right now
including three different wheel options
the trailer hitch a three point four
gallon auxilary fuel tank and either a
four and a half degree rape kit which we
have on this particular machine or a six
degree redkit and coming soon
full-length ground effects that will be
weight bearing and a light bar we invite
you to come in the house and ride the
all-new Viper
so you can experience the excellent ride
and a quality construction